Class Project Presentation Instruction
Posted on: Friday, March 31, 2017 12:00:00 PM MST
1. We will have class project presentations in the class meetings on April 18th, April 20th, April 25th, and April 27th.

2. Each team will have 11 minutes in total (including 10 minutes for presentation and 1 minutes for Q&A). We have many teams and limited time. So, the timing requirement will be strictly forced. You will be stopped at the end of 11 minutes, even if you cannot finish it. Otherwise, it is not fair to the team after you.

3. The orders of the presentations are announced in BB (in the project and assignment fold). In general, we will not be able to change this order. If you have a good reason to do so, it is your responsibility to find a team who is willing to exchange the order with you. Then, you need to contact TA, on or before April 9th. After that, we will absolutely not be able to change the order.

4. Presentation slides will be due on April 13th, mid-night. One submission per group. A submission link can be found in the project & assignment fold. A template is provided. It is *required* that you use this template to avoid any formatting issue. 

5. It is highly recommended that you avoid using any special symbols in the slides - the projector in classroom might not display these special symbols correctly, even if they display normally in your own computer. For example, if you have a complicate equation from mathtype, it is recommended that you convert it into a picture to put it in your slides.

6. During the presentation, we have NO time to switch between the computers. So, we will upload all the slides on the same computer.  Please name your slides as 'Group_#’. You can put additional information (e.g. Last Name of first team member _ Last Name of second team member) in the file name of your slides. 

7. In the last page of your presentation, list all the team members. For each member, list (1) name; (2) asu id; (3) email address; (4) the specific contribution (in terms of what s/he did); and (5) and the contribution (in terms of percentage). The same info (except (4)) is also required on your first page of the presentation. At the bottom of the the last page of the slides, it must include a sentence ‘All the team members agree on the team members’ contributions in terms of both (a) what s/he did and (b) the percentage’.
 
8. Here are a few factors will will consider to grade your presentation
 
 1. what and how did you do in your project?
 2. how does your presentation help others?
 3. how does team work with other other?
 4. the timing management
 5. the depth of the presentation
 6. the clarity 
 7. the qualify of the presentation slides
 8. the overall quality of the presentation
 9. the teamwork - coordination among the different team members (so that the presentation does not look like a set of loosely connected small presentations, etc)
 10. whether or not you read from the script.